README.md, before:

# Mercado Libre FE Test

This project was done by Jesus Ibanez

## Available Scripts

this project was done using create react app so basically all the commands that are intented
to work on create react app will be present

### `npm i`
will install all the dependencies that are needed in order to check the project.

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


## ITCSS
For the styles the inverted triangle CSS architecture was used in order to define the components, the 
utilities needed, configurations and more relying on specificity.

## BEM
The CSS code was written used the BEM methodology in order to "encapsulate" the styles and get sure
all the code was used properly on the right components.

### Redux

For all the major actions such as getting the list of products or the details of a single product
redux (madiator pattern) was used.

### Accessibility

A couple of accessibility features were implemented on the project such as "tabable" objects
like the products on the product list and deliver the same interation.

### Architecture
Most of the architecture is a very common used for projects using react - redux.

Commit message:

feature/readme-update - added the link to the live site

README.md, after:

# Mercado Libre FE Test

This project was done by Jesus Ibanez

## Available Scripts

this project was done using create react app so basically all the commands that are intented
to work on create react app will be present

### `npm i`
will install all the dependencies that are needed in order to check the project.

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


## Live Site
the test was deployed to Heroku in order to show it live and working: [Live Site](https://jibanez-melitest.herokuapp.com/)


## ITCSS
For the styles the inverted triangle CSS architecture was used in order to define the components, the 
utilities needed, configurations and more relying on specificity.

## BEM
The CSS code was written used the BEM methodology in order to "encapsulate" the styles and get sure
all the code was used properly on the right components.

### Redux

For all the major actions such as getting the list of products or the details of a single product
redux (madiator pattern) was used.

### Accessibility

A couple of accessibility features were implemented on the project such as "tabable" objects
like the products on the product list and deliver the same interation.

### Architecture
Most of the architecture is a very common used for projects using react - redux.
